Hello!
Patrick Golliot,
hang glider pilot
since 1977.
I've been coming
to Mont-Saint-Pierre since 1978.
It goes way back,
my story with hang gliding.
It began with
a dream that I had
when I was a kid,
which was to fly.
Hang gliding made it possible.
Why here rather than
anywhere else?
Because it's
an incredible country.
Mont-Saint-Pierre
is hard to beat.
The beauty of the scenery.
The sea is right there.
This meeting of two worlds
creates
meteorological
and atmospheric events
that help us stay in the air.
We call them
Magic Winds.
It's nothing specific, but at
the same time, it's all of that.
Hang gliding, today,
is not a dangerous sport,
it's a spectacular sport.
People who see us
get it confused sometimes.
If you're looking for cautious people, look no further.
When hang glider pilots take off,
they're not planning to die.
They want to land safely
after a beautiful trip.